Add inert global attribute (#19090)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/global_attributes/index.md

  - : A Boolean attribute indicates that the element is not yet, or is no longer, _relevant_. For example, it can be used to hide elements of the page that can't be used until the login process has been completed. The browser won't render such elements. This attribute must not be used to hide content that could legitimately be shown.
- [`id`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/id)
  - : Defines a unique identifier (ID) which must be unique in the whole document. Its purpose is to identify the element when linking (using a fragment identifier), scripting, or styling (with CSS).

> - [`inert`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/id)

Reviewer: Shouldn't it link to `Global_attributes/inert`?

```suggestion
- [`inert`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inert)
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, of course.

>   - : A boolean value that makes the browser disregard user input events for the element. Useful when click events are present.

Reviewer 3: I realize these are very brief, but maybe this is too brief?  What about like "A boolean value that indicates that the element (and all of its flat tree descendants) are not currently relevant and should act as if it were not present for purposes of user interaction (including hiding it from accessibility technology)"

>   - : A boolean value which makes the browser disregard user input events for the element. Useful where clicking events are present.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  - : A boolean value that makes the browser disregard user input events for the element. Useful when click events are present.
```
